Good evening boss. After looking at this month's statistics, budget and overall expenses it seems that our company might be going under soon without drastic measures. To stay afloat I’d recommend we consider collection of the valuable resources within the nearby forests, rivers and flatland in order to generate more produce.
Please reconsider! Generations of my family have lived in those woods for years! My family, my livelihood, friends and neighbors all rely on the stability of the ecosystem to live! By expanding into the forests and rivers you’ll destroy our homes, taint the waters and pollute the air! Please consider us in your decision…
I’m sorry, but I need to consider the long term stability of my company. Begin collection of the local resources.
No! Please! You can still change your mind! This will destroy our homes! Reconside-
Ignore their squawking boss. You’ve made the correct decision here. I will let the rest of the company know to begin extraction.
How… How could you have the heart to do this? My entire home… My family… We’re all going to die. All will be lost.
I’m terribly sorry that this had to happen, I promise I will fix this when I have the chance.
I hope that you keep that promise… for all our sakes.
There was no other choice. Surely you understand.
understand… UNDERSTAND?! NO! I DO NOT “UNDERSTAND” YOU’RE DESTROYING OUR HOMES JUST FOR THE SAKE OF FILLING YOUR POCKETS!
Please, i couldn’t have-
DONE ANYTHING ELSE? WE BOTH KNOW THAT’S A LIE. YOU HAD A CHOICE AND YOU DECIDED TO KILL ALL OF US. You… will feel my ire for as long as I live, Not that that will be very long anymore.
There must be other options in order to resolve the companies pending bankruptcy. I'm sure if we readjust into different parts of the market and put more funding into advertising we can resolve this issue without exploiting the ecosystems.
Oh thank you thank you thank you! I promise you won’t regret this! Oh I was so worried, I’m so relieved you’ve made the right decision! I know i said it before but thank you again for this decision, I was so terribly terribly frightened that you’d-
Okay that’s enough of that. Boss, I understand that you want to keep your morals in check but this could permanently jeopardize the company. Are you really sure you want to do this?
I understand your concern but we can’t sacrifice the ecosystem for this.
Very well. I will go and notify the rest of the company to look into alternative measures for keeping our finances stable
Thank you, You won’t regret this decision.
This isn’t just for morals. If we destroy the ecosystem, it will affect us as well.
Yes, but inaction will also affect us. I know that there isn’t a good option here. We’re weighing up two bad decisions, but the stability gained from exploiting them is worth the cost.
If we exploit them, even if it does fix our current situation, the damage done to the ecosystem will come back to bite us. Besides, the damage done will hurt not only us, but everyone around us as well. It isn’t worth the cost.
I see you won’t change your mind, Very well. I will go and notify the rest of the company to look into alternative measures for keeping our finances stable.
Thank you, You won’t regret this decision.
