Good evening boss. I’ll cut to the chase. Our attempts to remarket have failed and have now left us in more debt. We are now far closer to going under than ever before. The only option we have now is to take advantage of local eco-systems. There is no other choice.
I won’t act without you making the final call, but there really isn’t another viable option.
Thank you! Thank you so much for leaving our home alone! Our lives continue to prosper thanks to your decision! We are truly grateful to you and eternally in your debt for looking after our home.
We can’t continue down this path we’re taking. If I keep going I’ll lose my company. Our livelihood will be in a dire position. I really tried to find a different solution, but I can't sacrifice the entire company looking for one. I have no choice but to exploit the eco-system.
Thank you boss. I will notify the rest of the company to begin extraction. 
What? No please! You can find another solution! You don’t have to do this!
I’m sorry, but I do have to do this. There isn’t anything else I can do. I’m terribly sorry.
You- you won’t change your mind. I thought that you would keep us safe. How awful it feels to be wrong about that. Goodbye, we’ll likely be dead before we can come back.
I will find a solution. There has to be a different option. I must keep trying in order to resolve this dire situation without harming the local ecosystem.
Boss. This is going to make us go bankrupt. Are you completely sure that this is what you want to do?
You won’t regret this! We’ll do everything we can to help!
I’m sure. Notify the rest of the company to continue looking for another solution, and inform them that the animals will be helping us.
Excuse me? How on earth would the animals be able to help? Boss, do you have any idea what it even takes to keep the company stable? Animals don’t have any way to help our situation!
We’ll do whatever you ask of us. Any menial tasks you have can fall on us!
We’re actually doing this… Very well. I’ll notify the rest of the company to continue looking for a solution, and that we’re going to be working with a bunch of animals. 
