Hello again Boss. Thanks to your swift action and quick response to the pending issues at hand the company has now stabilized!
***wheezing and clicking*** I beg of you… Please fix your decisions… you could turn back, donate to charity into repairing the damaged forests, replanting and repay the damages you have caused to us. 
Boss, before you jump to a decision, understand that by spending the resources that we have gained by stabilizing the company to help them,  it will likely put us into a worse situation than before. To do all this work only to use our resources for their sake would be a massive cost on top of everything else that we need to account for within our expense. This will likely put the company into a dire state that we may not be able to come back from. Please consider your options wisely. The path we are currently following will guarantee keeping the company stable.
My Assistant is right. It's too risky to attempt to repair the damage that the company has caused. I can’t risk the possible collapse of my company to help you. We must continue pushing into the eco-system and collect more resources to uphold the company's stability.
W-what? You… you can’t be serious. Can’t you look at me and see what has happened? If you continue there will be nothing left for you to take! P-please, don’t do this. You can help us, fix what you did, you’re the only one who can.
You heard the boss. They made their decision. I applaud you for taking the company’s stability so seriously. I will notify the rest of the company to-
NO! You- you can’t! Don’t you understand? All this will do is destroy us and your stupid company! You can’t go on like this!
Your pleas fall on deaf ears. As I was saying, I will notify the rest of the company to continue extraction. Come along.
You’ll regret this! 
We have collected what we needed in order to resolve the threat of incoming bankruptcy and now we have the ability to fix our rash decisions and possibly make the company more stable than before. Let’s start repairing the damages that we have caused.
I was worried you would say that, I’ll try and keep the company as stable as possible while doing this but it won’t be an easy job. I hope you know what you’re doing.
T-thank you… 
